BS Counter V2.0
---------------

Currently there are two versions of the counter:

count.cgi    - Counter which will generate the number of hits either as
               a text string or a series of images, uses Server Side 
               Includes (SSI).

gd-count.cgi - Counter which will generate the number of hits by creating 
               a png image (requries the GD library).

:: System Requirements ::

GD.pm (if using gd-count.cgi only)

:: Installation ::

Firstly, you will need to configure the variables in the 
setup.cgi, stats.cgi and the count.cgi or gd-count.cgi. To do this, open 
each up in a text editor and configure the variables to match your 
hosting environment. Instructions for what each variable does are 
commented inine.

Once, you are finished configuring the variables, you will also need to 
make the Perl/CGI files executable, and the data directory writable to the 
webserver.

To set the correct permissions, run the below commands from the shell 
(telnet/ssh) or from ftp.

chmod 755 setup.cgi
chmod 755 stats.cgi
chmod 755 count.cgi
chmod 755 gd-count.cgi
chmod 777 data

:: Extra Scripts ::

The update.pl script converts hit files from the older version of the 
BS Counter to the new version.

The weed.pl script cleans out entires for country, search terms, 
and referrers in the data file. To increase performance, it is not a bad 
idea to run this once a month (or more often for larger sites) either via 
the command line or installed in the crontab. The script takes the 20th 
highest item's hit number and "weeds" out anything that is not at least 
50% of it.

If the counter is not recognising your browser/operating system, visit
the debug.cgi script with your web browser and report your browser and 
operating system names, versions and the output to brian@stanback.net.

:: Using the counter ::

Go to http://www.yourdomain.com/pathtocounter/setup.cgi
This will automatically generate the html code you need to insert into 
your website to display the counter.

Also, If you want more styles of digits for the graphical counter, be sure to
visit http://www.digitmania.holowww.com/. - Images will need to be converted into PNG 
format and all be of the same dimensions for the gd-count.cgi script.

This script is not guranteed, so please backup your data files on a regular basis, 
especially when upgrading versions.

:: Feedback ::

PLEASE send feature requests, optimizations/improvements, or bug reports 
to brian@stanback.net
